CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

About how to write [registry.yaml](registry.yaml), please see [Registry Configuration](https://aquaproj.github.io/docs/reference/registry-config).

## Add the packages

Please create directories in [pkgs](pkgs) per package and add `pkg.yaml` and `registry.yaml`.

e.g. cli/cli

* [pkg.yaml](pkgs/cli/cli/pkg.yaml)
* [registry.yaml](pkgs/cli/cli/registry.yaml)

And please run `bash generate-registry.sh` to update [registry.yaml](registry.yaml).

```console
$ bash generate-registry.sh
```

## Run generate-registry.sh to update reigstry.yaml

[registry.yaml on the repository root directory](registry.yaml) is generated with [generate-registry.sh](generate-registry.sh).
Don't edit it manually, and if you update `registry.yaml` in [pkgs](pkgs) directory, don't forget to run generate-registry.sh.

```console
$ bash generate-registry.sh
```

## Style Guide

* Remove spaces in the template `{{ ` and ` }}`
* Remove a period from the end of the description
* `link` is unneeded if `repo_owner` and `repo_name` are set

### Remove spaces in the template `{{ ` and ` }}`

:thumbsup:

```yaml
  asset: 'tfcmt_{{.OS}}_{{.Arch}}.tar.gz'
```

:thumbsdown:

```yaml
  asset: 'tfcmt_{{ .OS }}_{{ .Arch }}.tar.gz'
```

### Remove a period from the end of the description

:thumbsup:

```yaml
description: A command-line tool that makes git easier to use with GitHub
```

:thumbsdown:

```yaml
description: A command-line tool that makes git easier to use with GitHub.
```

## How to test in your localhost

```console
$ cp aqua.yaml.tmpl aqua.yaml
$ vi aqua.yaml # Add tested packages
$ aqua i --test
```

Commit message:

generate registry in CI instead of locally

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

About how to write [registry.yaml](registry.yaml), please see [Registry Configuration](https://aquaproj.github.io/docs/reference/registry-config).

## Add the packages

Please create directories in [pkgs](pkgs) per package and add `pkg.yaml` and `registry.yaml`.

e.g. cli/cli

* [pkg.yaml](pkgs/cli/cli/pkg.yaml)
* [registry.yaml](pkgs/cli/cli/registry.yaml)

Optional: run `bash generate-registry.sh` to update [registry.yaml](registry.yaml).

```console
$ bash generate-registry.sh
```

## Run generate-registry.sh to update reigstry.yaml

[registry.yaml on the repository root directory](registry.yaml) is generated with [generate-registry.sh](generate-registry.sh).
Don't edit it manually. If you update `registry.yaml` in [pkgs](pkgs) directory, generate-registry.sh can either be run locally or it will be updated on PR merge.

```console
$ bash generate-registry.sh
```

## Style Guide

* Remove spaces in the template `{{ ` and ` }}`
* Remove a period from the end of the description
* `link` is unneeded if `repo_owner` and `repo_name` are set

### Remove spaces in the template `{{ ` and ` }}`

:thumbsup:

```yaml
  asset: 'tfcmt_{{.OS}}_{{.Arch}}.tar.gz'
```

:thumbsdown:

```yaml
  asset: 'tfcmt_{{ .OS }}_{{ .Arch }}.tar.gz'
```

### Remove a period from the end of the description

:thumbsup:

```yaml
description: A command-line tool that makes git easier to use with GitHub
```

:thumbsdown:

```yaml
description: A command-line tool that makes git easier to use with GitHub.
```

## How to test in your localhost

```console
$ cp aqua.yaml.tmpl aqua.yaml
$ vi aqua.yaml # Add tested packages
$ aqua i --test
```
