# Manner

## Use English

Please use English in this project.
If you're not good at English, machine translator such as [DeepL](https://www.deepl.com/translator) would help you.

## Should you create an Issue before sending a Pull Request?

In many cases, you don't have to create an Issue before sending a Pull Request.
But if the pull request requires the discussion before reviewing, you have to create an Issue in advance.

For example, you don't have to create an Issue in the following cases.

- Add a package
- Fix a typo

On the other hand, for example if you want to change the directory structure in `pkgs` or the workflow adding a package,
you have to create an Issue and describe what is changed and why the change is needed.

## Describe the detail as much as possible. Don't neglect to explain

The lack of information would make unneeded conversation and misunderstanding.
It would help if you were careful maintainers can handle the Issue comfortably.

## Use GitHub Flavored Markdown properly

Especially, you should use [fenced code blocks](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks).
Fenced code blocks make a comment easy to read.
The readability of code without fenced block is terrible.

## Write good `How to reproduce`

Please write the following information.

- Environment
  - OS (e.g. Windows, macOS, Ubuntu)
  - Arch (e.g. amd64, arm64)
  - tool versions: If multiple tools are used, you should write all tool versions
- Code
- command and result
- `Expected Behavior` and `Actual Behavior`
- Debug Log

If you try multiple versions, you should describe the result too.
`Code` and `command` should be minimum, reproducible, and executable.

Code unrelated to the issue should be removed.
Everyone should be able to execute the code and reproduce the problem according to `How to reproduce`.
Code shouldn't be partial because partial code isn't executable.

Private resources shouldn't be used in `How to reproduce` if it isn't needed.
For example, if you can reproduce the issue with public Docker images, you shouldn't use private Docker images.

`Expected Behavior` and `Actual Behavior` should be clear.
For example, a report such as `an error occurs` and `the tool doesn't work` is ambiguous.
If an error occurs, you should paste the command and standard (error) output.
A screenshot may also be helpful, but a text in the screenshot can't be copied so you should paste the output as text too.

## Don't do force pushes after opening pull requests

After opening pull requests, please don't do force pushes because force pushes make it difficult for maintainers to review the diff.
And if maintainers push commits to pull requests, your force push may eliminate maintainers' commits.
Instead of force pushes, you should push new commits, then maintainers can review the diff.

For example, when maintaiers request a change to you, if you push a new commit maintainers can review it easily, but if you do a force push, maintainers can't understand easily what is changed by force push so the review is difficult.

As an exception, if maintainers ask you to make commits history clean by rebasing, you should follow the request.

## Separate commits that code was created or updated by command

Please separate commits generated by command with manual changes.
And please show the command in the commit message.
This makes changes easy to understand and review.

## Sign commits

Please configure your Git client to sign commits.
In this project, pull requests with not signed commits can't be merged.
If you have already opened a pull request with not signed commits, there are several options:

1. Rebase commits to sign them and do force push. [As we describe above](#dont-do-force-pushes-after-opening-pull-requests), force push isn't desirable, but it can't be helped
2. Open a new pull request with signed commits

About commit signing, please see the following document:

- [Signing commits - GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/managing-commit-signature-verification/signing-commits)
- [Generating a new GPG key - GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/managing-commit-signature-verification/generating-a-new-gpg-key)
- [Adding a GPG key to your GitHub account - GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/managing-commit-signature-verification/adding-a-gpg-key-to-your-github-account)

## Allow changes to a pull request branch created from a fork

[Allowing changes to a pull request branch created from a fork](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/allowing-changes-to-a-pull-request-branch-created-from-a-fork)

Please allow maintainers to push commits to your pull requests so that maintainers can collaborate with you well.

### Don't fork repositories into GitHub Organizations for sending pull requests

You can't allow maintainers to push commits to your pull requests if fork repositories belong to not GitHub User but GitHub Organization.
This is the limitation of GitHub.
So please fork repositories into your GitHub User Account instead of GitHub Organization.
